1) Project and developer options:-
 In this project there is a welcome message appears on the console window "Welcome to Lockedme.com 
   developed by Mohit Bhargaw press any key to continue". The user enters any key from the keyword.
2) Then it asks user to enter file options which include:-
(i)  1 to display file name 
(ii) to display other options 
(iii)to exit
3) For selecting the desired option by user:-
 (i)   it will show the file present in the directory.
 (ii)  Display the other options include:-
1. to add a file 
2. to delete a file 
3. to search a file 
4. exit return to main menu.
 (iii) for exit it will redirect to display message "Thanks for using lockedme.com."
 
2) Sprint Planned and task achieved in them:-
(i)   Creating java code for project.
(ii)  Creating filehandling for project.
(iii) Identifying and correcting bugs.
iv)   Creating methods, class and objects for project.

3) Core concepts include:-
(i)  FileHandling for add,delete file, search a file.
(ii) Sorting the list in ascending order.
(iii)Scanner class for inputs.
(iv) Exception handling using try catch statements.
(v)  Looping statements for traversal.

4) Github Link for the project:- 
https://github.com/MohitBhargaw/assignment

5) Conclusion on enhancing the application:-
(i)  The format for display file can be in both asceding or descending order as per the user.
(ii) There should be a limit to view files.
(iii) Display file information like size of file in bytes, Writeable and Readable.

6) Unique selling points of the application:-
1) The user can switch between main options and other options as per his choice and many number of times.
2) Program includes add,delete file, search a file many number of times.
3) The display message enables user to to identify who has made the program and the features contained in it.
4) It does not require prerequisite commands.

7) Algorithms of this program:-
1) Start
2) Display message
3) Ask to enter any key.
4) Display main options and ask to enter input.
5) for option 1 display files after checkig if present or not.
6) for option 2 display other options to add,delete, search a file preset or not.
7) for option 3 to exit return to main display console. 
8) exit termination of program.